3.3V Continuous comparator with rail-to-rail operation and 1mV resolution
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Design is a basic amplifier followed by a buffer (non-latching)

To make it rail-to-rail operation, two things were done:

(1) Use wide range (2-stage) amplifiers.  This yields expanded
    range at the expense of gain.

(2) Wide range amplifiers still fail when the input voltage
    common mode goes below the common voltage of the differential
    pair.  To avoid this, two amplifiers were made, one with
    nFET inputs, and one with pFET inputs.  The outputs are
    combined.

That design went to tapeout on CI2304 (Blizzard, user project for
Caravel).  Upon measuring silicon, it was discovered that the
upper range (above about 2.7V), where the pFET amplifier stops
working and the nFET amplifier takes over, has a different
offset, which translates to a jog in the ADC output.

This effect was analyized on 12/21/2023 and found to exist in
simulation.  The error is a combination of several causes, but
the upshot is that correcting requires the following additional
design steps:

(1) Increase overall current bias.  The original current was
    set at ~40uA, so this was increased to 80uA (resistor
    changed from 200 squares to 100). (Note that the current
    bias generator and the comparator have no enable input,
    which they need.  This has not been done yet).  This
    corrects a problem with a slow response and increases
    the response time to < 1us for 1MHz operation.

(2) Cascode the current sources.  A reasonable approach is for
    the cascode transistor to take the opposite bias (e.g.,
    VBP for the cascode to the transistor gated by VBN), and
    then adjust the length of the cascode to match the pFET and
    nFET amplifiers.

    The cascode prevents the bias current from changing as much
    due to the common voltage of the differential pair.

(3) Cascode the nFET output transistor;  like the current source
    cascodes, gate with VBP and adjust length as necessary to
    match the nFET and pFET amplifiers.

    The cascode adjusts for differences in output gain between
    the nFET and pFET amplifiers.

(4) The pFET mirror for generating VBP was adjusted 

    Specifically, the testbench ran three different common
    mode voltages at 0, 1.65, and 3.3V.  The cascodes were
    adjusted until the amplifier(s) output was approximately
    the same magnitude and offset for all three common mode
    voltages.

(5) The output voltage comes out centered a bit high, so the
    pFET of the first inverter was increased in size (W/L)
    to center it on the response.

(6) Because the output inverter increased the capacitance and
    lessened the amplitude of the amplifier output, the
    output transistor sizes of both the nFET and pFET amplifiers
    was increased to recover a decent amount of amplitude for
    a 1mV input differential.

The current design in simulation has a constant response across
all common mode voltages from 0 to 3.3V and will toggle on an
input difference of 1mV.
